c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmsBot\SmsBot\bin\Debug\SmsBot.exe.config
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmsBot\SmsBot\obj\Debug\SmsBot.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmsBot\SmsBot\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmsBot\SmsBot\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmsBot\SmsBot\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmsBot\SmsBot\obj\Debug\SmsBot_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmsBot\SmsBot\obj\Debug\SmsBot.g.resources
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmsBot\SmsBot\obj\Debug\SmsBot.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmsBot\SmsBot\obj\Debug\SmsBot.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmsBot\SmsBot\bin\Debug\SmsBot.exe
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmsBot\SmsBot\bin\Debug\SmsBot.pdb
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmsBot\SmsBot\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmsBot\SmsBot\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmsBot\SmsBot\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmsBot\SmsBot\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmsBot\SmsBot\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmsBot\SmsBot\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmsBot\SmsBot\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmsBot\SmsBot\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmsBot\SmsBot\obj\Debug\SmsBot.exe
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmsBot\SmsBot\obj\Debug\SmsBot.pdb
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SmsBot\SmsBot\bin\Debug\SmsBot.Data.dll
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SmsBot\SmsBot\bin\Debug\SmsBot.Data.pdb
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SmsBot\SmsBot\bin\Debug\SmsServiceDB.db
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SmsBot\SmsBot\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SmsBot\SmsBot\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
